# v5.1.0
  * Update blog posts to edit the author and date in-place instead of on the property view.
  * Added a slider editor for CMS string attributes that represent an integer. The slider editor
    allows to set the min, max and step value and uses jQuery UI. Simply use `data-editor="slider"`
    on a CMS field to enable it. `enum` fields automatically add the `data-min` and `data-max`
    attributes when the `cms_edit_enum` helper is used instead of `cms_tag`. (Thanks @cedrics)
  * All attribute type JavaScript editors "string", "text", "html", "enum", "multienum", "date",
    "linklist", "reference" and "referencelist" can now be used independently from their attribute
    type. This means it is possible to use the `string-editor` for `enum` values, for example or
    define a custom editor for string attributes. The attribute type editors still work by default
    but the editor can be defined in the `data-editor` HTML attribute on a Infopark `cms_tag` call.
  * The following generators are removed from the Kickstarter and partially provided by the Infopark
    Cloud Connector: `cms:obj`, `cms:widget`, `cms:controller` and `cms:scaffold`.
  * Removed all generators that only configure the Ruby on Rails application. These generators are:
    `component:amazon_ses`, `monitoring:newrelic`, `error_tracking:airbrake`,
    `error_tracking:honeybadger` and `tracking:google_analytics`. All functionality is fully
    described on their respective webpages and provide extensive documentation on how to extend and
    configure the Ruby on Rails application.
  * The styling for nested widgets is now provided by the Infopark Cloud Connector and not necessary
    anymore in the Kickstarter.
  * Updated the string editor to use the `contenteditable` HTML5 attribute, which allows to edit
    content while keeping style information. (Thanks @cedrics and @dcsaszar)
  * Renamed `Column2Widget` to `TwoColumnWidget` and `Column3Widget` to `ThreeColumnWidget`.
    (Thanks @kostia)
  * Default CMS field placeholder and highlighting is moved into the Infopark Cloud Connector, so it
    can be removed from the Kickstarter.
  * Removed `rails g cms:component:developer_tools` and `rails g cms:component:testing` as both are
    very project specific and have easy installers that are better described on their respective
    websites.
  * Bugfix: Search result page expected breadcrumps component. (Thanks @rouvenbehnke)
  * Removed `WorkspaceSelection` mixin, because the In-Place Editing menu bar allows to easily and
    comfortable switch the current working copy.
  * The `Column2Widget` and `Column3Widget` are now part of the default widget set generated by
    `rails g cms:kickstart`.
  * Made the `login` and `logout` button more prominent and moved it to the main navigation.
  * Extended `Image` and `Video` model to provide a more convenient `.create` method, that retrieves
    the `_path` and `_obj_class` automatically from the given `blob`.
  * `rails g cms:kickstart` can now also be applied to a Ruby on Rails application, that was created
    with the `--skip-git` option. (Thanks @cedrics)
  * Removed +Page+ module and further simplified standard CMS objects. The +menu_title+ is no longer
    used but the +headline+ attribute is now displayed directly.
  * Updated the `not_found` method in the `ApplicationController` to even handle cases, where the
    `ResourceNotFound` exception is thrown within the `not_found` method itself.
  * Removed usage of `Time#to_iso` because in all circumstances the `Time`, `Date` or `DateTime`
    object could be used directly.
  * Added a Flickr widget that is based on the Flickr Badge API. It allows to display 1 to 10 images
    and adds a whole set of customization options for the editor.
  * Removed all CRM related generators and related code like the profile page, the reset password
    page, and the form builder. The user authentication is changed to fixed credentials "root" for
    both login and password. The "custom_cloud.yml" file is no longer needed and the
    "infopark_crm_connector" is no longer included.
  * Bugfix: It is no longer the case that a resource is uploaded twice when dropped into the media
    browser. (Thanks @gertimon)
  * Bugfix: The page is now reloaded if a resource is deleted in the media browser to update all
    references on the page. (Thanks @gertimon)
  * The `slug` method is no longer overwritten by the generated Kickstarter code to allow full
    customization by gems or the developer within the project.
  * We removed the `NullHomepage` concept that was displayed if no homepage was published yet.
    Instead we recommend to publish right after running your generated migrations to have a homepage
    and login page available in your project.
  * Added customizable filters to the media browser. You can now define a set of available filters
    that have a name, title, icon and a Infopark JavaScript search query. A list of filter names can
    then be handed over to the media browser that looks up the filters and displays them in the left
    filter column. This allows to restrict or display any kind of filter in the media browser.
  * Removed dependency on `less` by using plain CSS and referencing bootstrap from a CDN.
  * Removed `bootstrap-datepicker-rails` dependency and switched to a jQuery UI datepicker with a
    timepicker addon.

# v5.0.0
  * Update to Cloud Connector version 7.1 using the new `infopark.gui` methods, implementing an
    editor for CMS text attributes, and improve the linklist editor to also store internal CMS
    links.
  * All generators can now be executed as many times as you want. The generators now notice, if the
    migrations are already there and also ask to override files, if they have changed.
  * Added a new generator that helps to configure the Ruby on Rails application to be deployed with
    Amazon OpsWorks. Run `rails g cms:component:deployment --provider=opsworks` set up your
    application.
  * Added a diagram widget that displays a variable number of progressbars. It can be edited on the
    widgets property view. Run `rails g cms:widget:diagram` to add it to your project.
  * Update Redactor html editor to version 9.1.9.
  * Bugfix: The Infopark status rake task `rake infopark:status` now opens the official Infopark
    status page in a webbrowser instead of displaying the status on the command line.
  * Bugfix: The example video used in the video widget now has the correct mime type.
  * Bugfix: Video widget now checks if a video source is present, before trying to render the view.
  * A new `TextImageWidget` was added, that allows editors to let text float left or right around
    an image. Both, the image and text remain structured content in separate attributes, so that the
    project developer has full power over the design and the editor can't break it easily.
  * Bugfix: The permalink task now works again and prints not only the path but also the object id
    of all found CMS objects with a permalink. Run `bundle exec rake cms:info:permalinks`.
  * The Kickstarter no longer generates an additional menubar that was to easily confused with the
    RailsConnector editing bar. Instead, a fixed edit icon is displayed in the upper right corner.
  * The Kickstarter is now much easier to extend and all generators follow a very simple approach to
    allow other developers to more easily create pull requests and add new features. This change
    also allows us to freely define edit and thumbnail views specific for each object class and
    widget, which will lead to a more user friendly and better looking experience.
  * Renamed `rails g cms:model` to `rails g cms:obj`. Details like attributes and thumbnail view can
    be defined directly in the generated files, instead of on the command line.
  * The column widget generator was split up into separate generators for each number of columns to
    lower the complexity and better fit the common use cases of two and three column widgets.
    Therefore, you don't have to specify the number of columns anymore.
  * The mediabrowser no longer displays the file size for images in the thumbnail views, because it
    was a detail information that is not crucial for deciding which image to select. It moved to the
    property view of the image, that can be opened up in the inspector.
  * You now have the ability to align images in an `ImageWidget` left, center or right.
    (Thanks @cocodercoder)
  * Bugfix: The string editor now prevents the click event to trigger a normal link that could be
    wrapped around the string.
  * Bugfix: Both editors for enum and multienum CMS attributes got improved by only creating a
    single JavaScript handler that should now work in all cases.
  * Added an `AccordionWidget` that allows editors to use the Twitter Bootstrap panel markup to
    create a collapsable group of panels. Just execute `rails generate cms:widget:accordion` to
    insert it into your application. (Thanks @spiderpug)
  * Removed `DateAttribute` path for the Infopark Cloud Connector, because the functionality is
    already included in the latest release.
  * Bugfix: Correct spelling of "login".
  * Removed `cms_attribute` model class methods. This again, was very confusing for most users,
    because it suggested to define arbitrary attributes on the model, without having to run any
    migrations. Also, after running a migration, the model was often not updated and a different
    attribute behavior was noticed. We now use the default Infopark Cloud Connector attribute
    implementation and do not override all getter methods in the project anymore.
  * Removed the LoginWidget because forms are not yet supported within widgets. This only effects
    the LoginWidget, not the login page or any login functionality.
  * The Infopark Kickstarter no longer provides a `Page` mixin but a `Page` class. Your CMS pages
    should inherit from that class instead of including the `Page` mixin. This is more consistent to
    the way you define widgets in your Ruby on Rails `model` directory.
  * Removed the dependency of the generated content to the `cells` gem. This provides a much more
    familiar way for Ruby on Rails developers on how to create views. You are still free to use
    `cells` in your own project. This effects almost all components.
  * The search now only finds objects for the current homepage not for the entire CMS content
    anymore. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Bugfix: The language switch example generator could not generate its markup anymore, because of
    markup and file changes.
  * Updated the slider widget to use the new Twitter Bootstrap 3 markup.
  * The "ResourceContainer" class got removed. Object classes for "Image" and "Video" still exist,
    but the folder "/resources", "/resources/images", "/resources/audio", "/resources/videos" and
    "/resources/pdfs" are no longer created by default, because they were not used.
  * Updated the Google Analytics code to the new Universal Analytics snippet. We also further
    simplified the entire integration by only relying on a single partial and no cell anymore.
  * Removed the `rails-footnotes` from the developer tools generator, because it added one more
    network request to every page request in development mode and was not very popular among
    developers. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Major rework on the login and reset password page together with the login widget. We simplified
    the controller logic, threw out I18n support and gave all forms a fresh look.
  * Bugfix: The Kickstarter menu bar did not use the correct CSS box model in Firefox. As part of
    the fix, we extracted the menu bar styles into their own CSS file to better separate concerns.
    (Thanks @aviebke)
  * Bugfix: Twitter Bootstrap 3 changed the default behavior of images to not being responsive
    anymore. Image widgets now deliver responsive image again. (Thanks @TimoRenz)
  * Bugfix: The mediabrowser can now be closed with ESC, even if opened a second time.
  * You can now delete any number of selected resources in the mediabrowser by means of a button in
    the bottom bar. This removes the trash icon from the inspector view. The change also introduced
    a different behavior for reference and linklist attributes. Before, it was not possible to
    select more than one item, this is no longer true, as you can always select as many items as you
    want, but in these two cases only the first selected item will be used.
  * Created separate editor JavaScript files for handling date, enum and multienum attributes. Those
    were in the base editing JavaScript file before.
  * Extracted the mediabrowser into its own generator. Running
    `rails g cms:component:editing:mediabrowser` will generate all mediabrowser related files. The
    main editing generator still generates the mediabrowser. This separation should ease the update
    process for already existing applications.
  * Anchors can now be defined for headline widgets on their properties view. Anchors are not set by
    default. (Thanks @aviebke)
  * Changed "save" to "select" in the media browser bottom button bar to better indicate the actual
    action.
  * Added progress bars for file uploads in the mediabrowser. This better indicates the overall
    upload progress when multiple files are uploaded.
  * Major update of the blog component. It now features widget latest blog posts, custom
    published_at date attribute, no more direct CRM dependency, a create blog post button for
    editors, pagination on both the blog and blog post pages, explicit link to an ATOM feed and an
    updated Twitter Bootstrap 3 design.
  * Extends the body DOM element, that already holds the current object path, with information about
    the current object id and object class to use them via JavaScript.
  * Provide a simple javascript user model in editing mode based on the current logged in user.
  * Simplified the user model by only storing the ID in the session and fetching all other
    attributes from the user source. Editors are cached in a file system cache for faster access and
    the profile and login page are updated to reflect these changes.
  * Bugfix: Twitter Bootstrap 3 changed the name of the red alert CSS class from "error" to
    "danger".
  * Bugfix: The public/404 error page is now displayed in case no homepage could be found matching
    the current request host.
  * Updated the search result page to give it a more meaningful output for each search result and a
    nicer overall look and feel.
  * Bugfix: The slideshare widget generator tried to copy a directory `spec` that no longer exists.
  * Bugfix: ESC events handled by the html and string editor and the mediabrowser are now propagated
    correctly and do not close an underlying properties view anymore.
  * Bugfix: After deleting an selected object in the mediabrowser the spinner now disappears after
    the operation is finished.
  * Bugfix: The mediabrowser inspector did not appear when an object was selected, because of a
    wrong API call.
  * Bugfix: The main yield statement in `app/views/layouts/application.html.haml` was not indented
    correctly.

# v4.0.0
  * The Kickstarter now supports the new widgets, which are no longer separate CMS object instances,
    but are embedded into their CMS pages. See the
    [latest release notes](https://dev.infopark.net/release-notes) for further information.
  * The gem `therubyracer` is now included when running `rails generate cms:kickstart`. It is used
    to precompile Assets for the Asset Pipeline and would have to be added anyway because of `less`.
  * Bugfix: Removed last occurance of `BoxCell`, which was an old relict of the former box concept.
  * We are now using Twitter Bootstrap 3 for all generated application views.
  * Update Redactor html editor to version 9.1.6 and implement autosave. Save and Cancel buttons are
    therefore removed and JavaScript documentation updated.

# v3.2.0
  * The `/resources` object generated by `rails generate kickstart` now has its own object class
    `ResourceContainer` to be able to access the resource folder more precisely.
    (Thanks @jaumeprat-twt)
  * Editing JavaScript and CSS assets are now only loaded when inplace editing is allowed. This is
    the case, when an editor is logged in. Otherwise only the application specific assets are
    loaded located under `app/assets/stylesheets/application`. All editing related files are located
    under `app/assets/stylesheets/editing`. The same is true for JavaScript under
    `app/assets/javascripts`.
  * Kickstarter now uses `reference` and `referencelist` attributes by default where appropriate.
    For example, you can now just click an image to open the mediabrowser and select a new one.
  * Removed dependency on the Rails Connector and updated various gems like
    `infopark_cloud_connector`, `infopark_dashboard` and `rails`. There are no
    `RailsConnector::LinkList` and `destination_objects` call anymore and we removed stating the
    `infopark_rails_connector` directives in the asset manifests.
  * The Kickstarter generated views no longer depend on
    [simple_form](https://github.com/plataformatec/simple_form), but uses standard Rails forms
    instead.
  * As a developer you are no longer logged in by default but you can still change working copies as
    a developer without beeing logged in. This has the advantage that you can now preview pages in
    live mode as a developer, which was not possible before but highly recommended during
    development. (Thanks @yagooar)
  * We've added support for running Continous Integration Tests on [Travis](https://travis-ci.org)
    and updated the README accordingly. A new rake task was added to easily get the Travis secure
    credentials needed to connect your own CMS and CRM when running the tests. See
    `rake travis_encrypt` for more details.
  * Application credentials can now also be set via environment variables.
  * We split up the general purpose video widget into three separate widgets that handle youtube,
    vimeo and a generic video player by themself. This provides a clearer interface and more
    specific use cases. Call `rails g cms:widget:youtube`, `rails g cms:widget:vimeo` and
    `rails g cms:widget:video` accordingly. (Thanks @cococoder)
  * Bugfix: The google maps widget did not respect a default width and height.
    (Thanks @ronaldmueller)
  * Added a mediabrowser that allows to add, edit, delete and select CMS resources like Images,
    BlogPosts or any other objects. The mediabrowser is highly customizable and provides all basic
    features like searching through your resources, selecting them for a link- or referencelist,
    lets editors add resources via a simple drag and drop feature and allows to edit any resources
    in the integrated inspector, that display the edit view of the resource.
    (Thanks @agessler, @marcelgo and @spiderpug)
  * Added a menubar for editors when they are not in edit mode, similar to what the RailsConnector
    provides when in edit mode. The menubar displays the current workspace, the name of the logged
    in editor and the edit mode toggle icon. (Thanks @benzimmer)
  * Added a check for `git --version` to the `infopark:info:system` rake task.
  * Bugfix: `rake infopark:info:system` did not return the correct latest version for some gems.
    (Thanks @pierpaolofrasa-twt)
  * Turned on email links by default for the Redactor html editor. (Thanks @mremolt)
  * Added Redo and Undo functionality to the Redactor html editor. (Thanks @marcelgo)
  * Bugfix: The date editor did not trigger a save operation when the date selection window was
    closed. (Thanks @gertimon)
  * Bugfix: The enum and multienum editor did not work when multiple enum cms fields were present on
    an edit view. (Thanks @gertimon)
  * A linklist editor now allows you to create, update and delete links in a CMS linklist on the
    edit view of a page or widget. The `cms_edit_linklist` helper renders the needed HTML DOM
    structure, that is handled by the `linklist_editor.js.coffee` file. The editor also allows to
    select a CMS resource via the new mediabrowser. (Thanks @cococoder and @spiderpug)
  * The video widget is now more responsive to browser size changes and adopts accordingly.
    (Thanks @gertimon and @marcelgo)
  * We implemented autosave for the redactor html editor. Every 3 seconds when the content has
    changed it is saved automatically. You can still use the "save" and "cancel" button and also use
    "ESC" to close the editor. (Thanks @marcelgo)
  * All string attributes now use a string editor on edit pages and no longer the redactor. The
    string editor is a simple input field, that handles ESC and Enter key commands. It also supports
    autosave every 3 seconds, so that your changes don't get lost.
    (Thanks @spiderpug and @marcelgo)
  * Bugfix: Generated search component now uses the new search query API instead of the deprecated
    `SearchRequest` class, which is no longer part of the Infopark Rails Connector.
    (Thanks @marcelgo)
  * Added support for page edit views. An earlier release already had built in support for
    automatically generated widget edit views and we extended it now to also support all object
    classes. Like the widget edit view, the generated edit view holds all object class attributes.

# v3.1.1
  * Bugfix: Initial migration failed on newly created projects, because the `Image` obj class
    already existed.

# v3.1.0
  * Updated to Infopark SDK (infopark_rails_connector and infopark_cloud_connector) version 6.9.4.
  * We changed the general way to create examples for certain generators. Before you could pass in
    the option `--example` and then add some other options like `--cms_path` to further configure
    the examples. We have moved all examples into their own generator, which means you can now call
    them independent from the associated generator. The example generators are called by adding
    `:example` to the generator. For example, `rails generate cms:widget:slideshare:example`.
    (Thanks @cedrics)
  * Turned fixed navbar into a normal navbar, which seems to be a more sensible default.
    (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Added an editing icon font that is independend from the Infopark RailsConnector. This allows the
    project developer to add arbitrary project specific icons that should be used for editing views.
  * Extracted dashboard into its own gem
    [infopark_dashboard](https://github.com/infopark/infopark_dashboard).
  * Bugfix: The editmarker overlapped the save and cancel button of the redactor inplace editor.
    (Thanks @mremolt)
  * Removed deployment and code hosting rake tasks to allow free choice for these platforms.
  * Integrated the html editor "redactor" into the generated code, as it was removed from the core
    Infopark API. This allows you to more easily choose your html editor of choice. In the course
    of integrating the editor, we moved all inplace editing files into their own generator. We hope
    that this makes it easier to update this part in the future. Get more details running
    `rails generate cms:component:editing --help`.
  * Added inplace editing for CMS date attributes. (Thanks @cedrics)
  * Bugfix: Made slideshare widget more robust against invalid slideshare API responses.
  * Removed `.widget` and `.editing` CSS classes in the `show.html.haml` and `edit.html.haml` of
    widgets. They were not needed and we switched to use the public API provided by the
    RailsConnector.
  * Added a column widget generator that allows to create structure widgets that hold a certain
    number of columns, which are widget attributes again. This means you can create nested widgets
    and the editor can define the layout of a single row. The edit view of this widget allows to
    adapt the column grid width. Run `rails generate cms:widget:column --help` for more information.
  * Bugfix: The `better_errors` gem lead to segmentation faults in the test application, because it
    was loaded in `test` mode. We only load the gem in development mode now to prevent the failures.
    (Thanks @spiderpug)
  * The Kickstarter and the dashboard currently depend on Twitter Bootstrap version 2. We are
    working hard to support Twitter Bootstrap 3 in the near future.
  * The integration test application is now checked in for more convenient development of
    Kickstarter features. (Thanks @marcelgo)
  * The `add_widget` method inside of example migrations was changed, to only use the public
    RailsConnector API, instead of an API that might change in the future.
  * Remove the need for the `local.yml` configuration and instead use the `rails_connector.yml`
    and `custom_cloud.yml` provided by the console.

# v3.0.0
  * All generated widgets now have an edit view. You can access the edit view via the widget edit
    menu `Edit widget`. The edit view uses simple Ruby on Rails helper to ease the creation of
    custom edit view input fields for all different kinds of CMS attributes. The `CmsEditHelper`
    provides methods for all CMS attribute types, eventhough not all of them are yet supported for
    editing. `linklist`, and `date` attributes are only readable. The edit view also features a
    helper to create a label that is marked as required, if the attribute is required in the CMS.
  * Update `infopark_rails_connector` and `infopark_cloud_connector` to version 6.9.2.1.125136549
    and Ruby on Rails to version 3.2.14. Also other minor gem updates.
  * Bugfix: Widgets no longer create an entry in the `en.obj_class.yml` file, as they are not
    displayed in the obj class browser and therefore don't need a translation.
    (Thanks @EtectureVolkerBenders)
  * All widgets now have some new options to not only create the structure, but also an example. You
    can call `--example` and optionally `--cms_path` and `--attribute` to determine the location of
    the example widget. For example,
    `rails generate cms:widget:slider --example --cms_path=/website/en --attribute=main_content`
    creates the example on the english homepage.
  * Simplified widgets by focusing on their main functionality and making them more generally
    usable. For example, we changed the `TextWidget` to only have one html attribute, instead
    of an additional headline. But, in order to mix and match widgets more easily, we created a new
    `HeadlineWidget`. We did that for almost all widgets, which makes them more flexible.
    (Thanks @thomaswitt)
  * Removed the name of the controller in the body html tag, because we noticed that it used only on
    special pages and leads to conflicts on overview pages, for example `blog_post`.
    (Thanks @agessler)
  * Bugfix: The `redirect_link?` was still used in the redirects controller, but is no longer
    generated by the `cms_attribute` model class method, so it uses `redirect_link.present?`
    instead. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Renamed `HeroUnitWidget` to `TeaserWidget`, which is not so much tight to the Twitter Bootstrap
    wording and should now be more clear to editors. (Thanks @thomaswitt)
  * Renamed `BlogEntry` to `BlogPost` to adjust to the more common wording. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Bugfix: Kickstarter gems are now installed right after they are inserted in the Gemfile to
    prevent an error message, when running `rails g cms:kickstart`. (Thanks @dcsaszar)
  * Changed the `hero_unit` widget description to be more precise and not self referential.
    (Thanks @krishan)
  * The `developer_tools` and the `sitemap` are now part of every kickstarted project.
  * The `maps` widget is now part of the examples generated when running
    `rails generate cms:kickstart --examples`.
  * Removed the `.well` class from all widgets, as most projects removed it right away.
  * Bugfix: `Homepage` model was missing cms attribute definitions for `sort_key`, `main_content`
    and `show_in_navigation`. (Thanks @Etecture)
  * Excluded `LoginPage` and `ResetPasswordPage` from the Sitemap.
  * Bugfix: Adopt `body_attributes` helper method, to be independent from the given cms object, so
    it also works on non cms pages correctly. (Thanks @Etecture)
  * Removed unused `headline` string attribute from `Image` and `SliderWidget`.
  * Added `headline` string attribute to `SearchPage`.
  * Added notice to restart the server when generating the developer tools. (Thanks @rouvenbehnke)
  * Removed `Gemfile.lock` from version control and updated gems. (Thanks @spiderpug)

# v2.2.0
  * Updated most of the gems to the current version, eventhough we don't support Rails 4 yet.
  * Bugfix: Error page now uses a correct grid layout and displays the content correctly.
  * Removed unused footer links feature. This feature did not reflect the needs of an actual
    project. A how-to guide will be integrated in the Infopark Dev Center.
  * The developer tools (rake cms:component:developer_tools) got a new Infopark Developer Bar. This
    is an extension of the `rails-footnotes` gem and displays helpful information and links at the
    bottom of each page. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Insert a placeholder image in the slider widget if no images are configured. This is the case,
    when the widget is created. (Thanks @rouvenbehnke)
  * Added `--page` and `--widget` options to the model generator to allow to turn a model into a
    page or widget object via the command line. See `rails generate cms:model --help` for more
    details. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Added a simple breadcrumb navigation that displays pages up to the homepage on top of the page.
    Run `rails generate cms:component:breadcrumbs --help` to get further details.
    (Thanks @rouvenbehnke)
  * Refactored twitter bootstrap integration to more easily allow changes and give examples on how
    to customize the bootstrap framework.
  * Added a login widget that allows the editor to place a login form anywhere on the page. The
    login widget also holds a link to reset the password and displays a logout link and the login of
    the current user if the user is already logged in. Run `rails generate cms:widget:login --help`
    for more details. The login widgets depends on the core `login_page` component.
  * Moved login logic into a separate component to allow more flexibility and easier future
    maintainance. You can generate the login page by running
    `rails generate cms:component:login_page`. In the course thereof, support was added to reset the
    password.
  * Controls for the generic video player (flowplayer) are now enabled by default.
    (Thanks @steenkamp)
  * Moved tasks `cms:console`, `cms:status`, `cms:info:obj_classes` and `cms:info:permalinks` under
    the `infopark` namespace. You get an overview of all available rake tasks by running `rake -T`
    in your project folder.
  * Added a new rake task `infopark:info:system` to create an overview of your system that can help
    the Infopark support team to more quickly adress your issues.
  * Bugfix: The Ruby on Rails application could not handle invalid utf8 characters in the request
    url. The gem `utf8-cleaner` fixes that.
  * Bugfix: Ghost paths (an object with a missing parent) are now handled correctly when searching
    for their homepage.
  * Footer navigation refactored to highlight and reposition the company reference and add a tiny
    remark to display the platform the webpage is build on.
  * Extended footer navigation links to include link to the Dev Center User Guide.
  * Added a sitemap component that dynamically generates a sitemap.xml file.
  * Added a slideshare widget that embedds the slideshare player for a given slide url. See
    `rails generate cms:widget:slideshare --help` for more details.
  * Bugfix: The slider widget used a wrong attribute of the image link to
    display the slider headline.
  * The page title is now created dynamically as a combination of the title attribute and the
    homepage title. (Thanks @benzimmer)
  * Added a rake task `rake cms:reset` that resets the CMS completely. Please be cautious when using
    this command, as it completely wipes your CMS content and is not reversable. So use it on your
    own risk.
  * By default only "superuser" are now allowed to edit on the production website. This is due to a
    change in the WebCRM. (Thanks @Peter Mielke)
  * A fallback menu title `[no headline]` is now displayed in the menu bar, when a new object is
    created via the page menu. (Thanks @franziska-luecke)
  * Query parameters are now kept on redirects. (Thanks @thomaswitt)

# v2.1.0
  * Added the option `--examples` to the `rails generate cms:kickstart` command, that will generate
    basic components together with setting up the project. This should simplify the getting started
    process for beginners.
  * Added a hero unit widget, that displays a more visually highlighted headline and body and also
    allows to place a link button below.
  * Updated `rails generate cms:kickstart` to include the search panel in the main navigation and
  * Switched from Ruby mixins to class level attribute definition to reflect and fully support local
    cms obj class attributes. You can now define a cms attribute directly on the model using
    `cms_attribute :headline, type: :string` for example. See generated model classes for more
    examples.
  * Removed float attribute type, as it was only used in special cases and it can be easily
    integrated manually.
  * Added support for inplace navigation editing. All relevant obj classes now have a
    `thumbnail.html.haml` in their view directory that gets displayed in the obj class browser, when
    editing the main navigation.
  * It is now not longer necessary to call `rails generate rails_connector:install` before running
    `rails generate cms:kickstart`.
  * Switched from system attributes title and body to custom attributes headline and content.
  * Updated to latest Infopark RailsConnector. Moved widget view templates into `views` folder.
    Replaced workspace toggle against new menu bar and added support for toclist inplace editing and
    inplace image upload.
  * Added a form builder component that allows editors to define a form in the WebCRM. You can add
    different kinds of input types and set required fields as well. Run
    `rails generate cms:component:form_builder --help` for more information.
  * Extracted out testing setup into its own generator which is no longer part of the kickstart in
    order to decrease starting complexity. Please run `rails generate cms:component:testing` to add
    get it back. We also did this step in order to further improve and extend the functionality in
    the future, like adding integration testing or supporting different provider. (Thanks @cedrics)
  * Extracted out developer tools into its own generator which is no longer part of the kickstart in
    order to decrease dependencies. Just call `rails generate cms:component:developer_tools` if you
    want them back. `thin` gem was added to replace the default Rails webserver WEBrick.
    (Thanks @cedrics)
  * Improved introduction page, when the current working copy does not have a homepage, by switching
    to a more positive message, giving clear directions and smoothing the transition to more help
    through links in the footer.
  * Extracted the redirect functionality into its own generator which is no longer part of the
    kickstart in order to decrease complexity. Please run `rails generate cms:component:redirect` to
    get it back. (Thanks @cedrics)
  * The language switch is now generated without an example. Use
    `rails generate cms:component:language_switch --example` for the old behavior.
  * Useless, empty controller `index` actions got removed.
  * Useless spec files got removed.

# v2.0.1
  * Bugfix: Some widgets still had a sort key attribute, which is not longer needed due to the built
    in sort feature of widgets.
  * Bugfix: Widgets did not place their migrations in the widget folder.
  * Bugfix: The Dashboard crashed when global attributes were used and did not display the list of
    global attributes. (Thanks @TWT)
  * Bugfix: The Dashboard people page did not work, if no `config/deploy.yml` file was given.
  * Bugfix: The WebCRM was not initialized correctly after running `rake cms:kickstart`.
  * Bugfix: The page method of the widget concern did not return the correct page, where the widget
    was placed in.

# v2.0.0
  * Added a widget generator to create and integrate widgets of any kind. See
    `rails generate cms:widget` for more details.
  * Bugfix: Timestamped ids are now used when creating migrations.
  * Presents a nicer error page, when the choose homepage callback does not return a homepage.
  * Removed the user manager as it was way too complicated and didn't fit the more general use case.
    This lead to some refactorings of the profile, login and contact page, which should be much
    clearer now.
  * Added social sharing component, that lets you easily integrate social sharing provider to share
    the current url. (Thanks @jan-hendrik)
  * Bugfix: The workspace toggle did not always display the correct workspace title.
  * Simplified the contact page component to a more general and understandable use case. Removed
    "valid_email" dependency and user attributes prefill. The contact page is no longer placed under
    "_configuration" and linked on the homepage, but can be placed like a normal page anywhere in
    the hierarchy.
  * Bugfix: Deployment task returned an 406 error, because the url params were not formatted
    correctly.
  * Supports widgets to put their locale files into the widget directory.
  * Switched to inplace editing and the Infopark widget framework. This also removes the need for
    concrete widget examples, as they can easily be inserted on each page via the widget browser. A
    toggle is placed in the main navigation bar to switch to edit mode. (Thanks @cocodercoder)
  * Kickstarter now uses local attributes only, because global attributes are deprecated and their
    usage is discouraged. See
    [News](https://dev.infopark.net/d72e25d5cd446190/cms-attributes-are-now-local-to-object-classes)
    for further details.
  * Bugfix: Added "sort_key" to GoogleMaps Box. (Thanks @franziska-luecke)
  * Added monitoring rake task for future extension to other monitoring provider. See
    `rake cms:component:monitoring` for further details.
  * Renamed `flash_message` to `flash`, simplified and streamlined use of cells.
  * Added rake task to retrieve a list of all permalinks and their paths. See
    `rake cms:info:permalinks` for more details.
  * Search support moved into its own generator and got cleaned up and simplified. See
    `rails generate cms:component:search --help` for more details.
  * Edit-Marker no longer are included by Infopark Kickstarter, as it became a default feature of
    of Infopark RailsConnector. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * All rake tasks now use RestClient instead of curl, for better compatibility and consistent use
    of accept headers. (Thanks @awendt)
  * Bugfix: Dashboard could not be displayed, because the engine files were not packaged in the gem.
  * Added `honeybadger` as an error tracking provider. This will also be the default from now on
    instead of `airbrake`. Run `rails generate cms:component:error_tracking --provider=honeybadger`
    to install.
  * A new slider box type was added. It slides selected images and displays there title in an
    overlay. See `rails generate cms:widget:slider --help` for more details.
  * Bugfix: Creates file `before_migrate.rb` if it doesn't exist yet. This fixes an annoyence that
    was reported several times.
  * Speed up kickstart time by grouping gem setup at the beginning. (Thanks @sethiele)
  * A new person box type was added. It allows to display a crm person with some details like her
    name and email. See `rails generate cms:widget:person --help` for more details.

# v1.0.0
  * Renamed gem from `ice_kickstarter` to `infopark_kickstarter`. Please update your `Gemfile` to
    get the latest version.
  * Added blog component to generate a basic blog with RSS and comment functionality based on the
    box framework. Call `rails generate cms:component:blog --help` to get started.
  * Added `image_url` application helper to determine the external url of an image.
  * Added rake task to check the status of the Infopark Cloud-Express Platform. Run
    `rake cms:status` to get current status information.
  * A new video box type was added. It allows to play videos from the CMS, vimeo and youtube. See
    more details running `rails generate cms:widget:video --help`.
  * Added video obj class to the kickstart generator. This allows to upload and handle videos in a
    dedicated obj class.
  * Cleaned up the composition pattern used to add common behavior to object classes. You can
    differentiate between a `Page` and a `Box` by mixing in a module in the model class.
  * Updated links to the Infopark Console to `https://console.infopark.net`.
  * Bugfix: The markup for box titles is no longer displayed, when no title exists.
  * Cleaned up and extended the composition pattern used to add common behavior to object classes.
    You can now differentiate between a `Page`, a `Box` and a `Resource`.
  * Added rake task `rake cms:console` to open the Infopark console directly from the command line.
    This introduces a new dependency on the [launchy](https://github.com/copiousfreetime/launchy)
    gem. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Bugfix: The CMS webservice returns `RestClient::PreconditionFailed` not
    `RestClient::InternalServerError` when asked for the Github users when there
    is no Github repository configured. (Thanks @awendt)
  * Added model generator option to set mandatory attributes. For example:
    `rails generate cms:model Foo --attributes=foo bar baz --mandatory_attributes=bar baz`.
  * Added model generator option to preset attributes. For example:
    `rails generate cms:model Foo --attributes=foo bar baz --preset_attributes=foo:f bar:b`.
  * Added attribute generator option to preset the attribute value. The default depends on the type
    of the attribute. For example, to create an integer attribute that has `10` configured as a
    default, you call `rails generate cms:attribute my_attribute --type=integer --preset_value=10`.
  * Added attribute generator option to set the name of getter method. For Example:
    `rails generate cms:attribute my_attribute --type=integer --method_name=foo`. (Thanks @cocodercoder)
  * Added support for integer and float attribute types. For example:
    `rails generate cms:attribute count --type=integer` or
    `rails generate cms:attribute latitude --type=float`.
  * Newrelic generator now sets up developer mode. (Thanks @Kieran Hayes)
  * Bugfix: Newrelic generator did not insert the correct website name in the deploy files. It also
    does not depend on the kickstart generator anymore.
  * Bugfix: Newrelic generator did not differentiate between the deploy and the api key for
    deployment notifications.
  * Bugfix: The dashboard does no longer depend on the flash messages of the
    host application.
  * Bugfix: The contact form raised an error when there was no user logged in.
  * Airbrake component now includes secure option by default and does not depend on the kickstart
    generator anymore. Also added option "--skip-deployment-notification" if you don't resolve all
    error notifications on deployment.
  * Airbrake component is now available as the default provider for the error tracking component.
    This allows to support different error tracking solutions in the future. Run
    `rails generate cms:component:error_tracking --help` to get an overview. You can still call the
    Airbrake generator directly by running `rails generate cms:component:error_tracking:airbrake`.
  * Updated contribution section in the README, which should make it easier for developers to setup
    and add features to the project.
  * Updated Infopark gems and required ```bundler >= 1.3.1``` to also work with newer
    RubyGems versions.
  * Profile Page Component: Added option to skip the import of country translations.
  * Bugfix: ```application``` javascript manifest needs to be loaded before
    ```rails_connector_after_content_tags```. (Thanks @apepper)
  * Added support for markdown attribute type. For example:
    `rails generate cms:attribute body_md --type=markdown`. (Thanks @thomasritz)

# v0.0.5
  * Renamed ```error_404``` to ```error_not_found```.
  * Moved flash messages and workspace toggle into its own cell for better
    reusability and separation of concerns.
  * Simplified cms attribute concerns for easier understanding and extensibility.
  * Added support for https S3 urls in ```obj.rb```. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Added Https before filter to force https in live environment. Make sure to set a hostname in
    ```app/controllers/filters/https.rb``` before deployment. (Thanks @thomasritz)
  * Bugfix: There was an UTF encoding issue in the contact page generator. (Thanks @mremolt)
  * Removed fixed versions on most of the base gems to install newest versions on project setup.
  * Removed ```rails-footnotes``` as ```better_errors``` made it superfluous in most situations.
  * Added a profile page generator that adds a link in the meta navigation when the user is logged
    in. On the profile page, the user can edit all kinds of attributes that will be saved to the web
    crm.
  * Changed default homepage to ```en``` and updated examples accordingly.
  * Updated ```less-rails-bootstrap``` to version 2.3.0 and ```rspec``` to version 2.13.0.
  * The BoxText and BoxImage widgets are now a separate generator and can therefore be called with
    ```rake cms:widget:text```. If you also want to create an example, you can add the
    ```--cms_path``` option. Both widgets are still included in the Infopark Kickstarter base
    generator.
  * Added support for boolean attribute type. It fakes a boolean by creating an enum with "Yes" and
    "No" values and provides query method in the attribute module.
  * The newrelic generator now extends the local ```custom_cloud.yml``` file, runs
    ```bundle --quiet``` because it adds a new gem and prints a notice to update the custom cloud
    platform configuration.
  * The airbrake generator now reads in the api_key from the ```custom_cloud.yml```, extends the
    local ```custom_cloud.yml``` file, runs ```bundle --quiet``` because it adds a new gem and
    prints a notice to update the custom cloud platform configuration.
  * The ```custom_cloud.yml``` is now loaded in an initializer and is available as a hash in the
    global Rails configuration as ```Rails.application.config.cloud```. The initializer is created
    in such a way, that it is loaded before the rest of the initializers are run, so that it can be
    used in the following initializers as well.
  * A new google maps box type was added. It allows to easily create a map and place pins on it.
    The new box type is part of the base Infopark Kickstarter functionality but is also
    available as a separate generator. Call ```rails generate cms:widget:google_maps --help```
    for more information.
  * Added three additional rake tasks to easily edit the cloud config file, that holds configuration
    parameters that should not be checked in to the version control system. See
    ```rake -T cms:cloud_config``` for more details on the tasks.
  * The user manager now allows to find an user by id. The remote user with this id is retrieved and
    then mapped to an application user.
  * haml-rails is not longer required by the dashboard, but only haml. This prevents the default
    rails template engine to be set for the host application. (Thanks @mremolt)
  * A website object can now be asked for all its homepages and returns a list of all Homepage
    objects.
  * A language switch allows to navigate from one language homepage to another. All languages are
    listed in the sidebar. The current language is not linked.

# v0.0.4
  * Added README information on how to create a ```deploy.yml``` file and what content it needs to
    hold.

# v0.0.3
  * Added two new rake tasks ```rake cms:info:attributes[workspace]``` which returns a list of
    attributes and their type and ```rake cms:info:obj_classes[workspace]``` which returns a list of
    object classes and their attributes. For each task the workspace can optionally be provided.
  * BoxImage now supports a link attribute, that defines if and where the displayed image is linked
    to.
  * Support for ```Redirect``` cms objects. They allow to create a navigation item, for example,
    that redirects to a different page.
  * Assets are now shared between deployments via ```before_migrate.rb``` deploy hook.
  * The body tag now holds the name of the current controller. This allows easier css scoping.
  * Included [BetterErrors](https://github.com/charliesome/better_errors) and
    [BindingOfCaller](https://github.com/banister/binding_of_caller) as core development gems. Also
    added an developer initializer file that is ignored by default.
  * The Infopark Kickstarter now depends on Ruby 1.9.3. Please make sure to upgrade your Ruby version and
    use the latest Infopark gems. We recommend to use the new hash syntax throughout the project.
  * Added authorization support to simply protect access to a page via a before filter. Use
    ```before_filter Filters::Authorization``` in your controller to protect the entire page.
  * Complete refactoring of user management. Separated application user model from its remote user
    model by introducing an application wide user manager. A default implementation is given for the
    Infopark WebCRM. This makes it possible to easily swap the user manager to LDAP for example. A
    mapper class is used for the communication between the two, possibly different, user models.
    Have a look at ```app/models/user.rb``` for how it is implemented exactly.
  * Added optional contact_page component that is connected to the WebCRM and prefills email, when
    user is logged in. Call ```rails generate cms:component:contact_page```.
  * Added Infopark Developer Dashboard mounted under ```/cms/dashboard```. The dashboard
    is only available for local requests and completely separated from your Ruby on Rails
    application.
  * Bugfix: Workspace Toggle no longer displays an empty list, when there is only one workspace.
  * Changed ```rake cms:deploy:live``` to ```rake cms:deploy``` as there is no other environment yet.
  * Added optional google analytics generator. Tracking ID and Anonymize IP Setting can
    be configured in the CMS for each homepage. Default settings can be given as generator
    options.

# v0.0.2
  * initial functionality
